Instructions
============

-   You must submit your homework using this Latex template.

-   This homework is graded out of 70 points. Point values are
    associated to each question.

Questions
=========

1.  (5 points) Explain the principle of w-⊗-x as a way to protect
    against stack smashing attacks that load shell code.

2.  (5 points) What `gcc` compilation is used to **tunr off** w-xor-x?

3.  (5 points) What is a return-to-libc attack?

4.  (5 points) What c-library function is typically called when
    performing a return-to-libc attack? Why do we choose this one?

5.  (5 points) Explain the **error** output and how we know that this
    was a successful exploit.

        user@si485H-base:demo$ ./vulnerable 10 `python -c "print 'A'*(0x2c+4)+'\x90\xa1\xe5\xb7'"`
        sh: 1: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA???: not found
        Segmentation fault (core dumped)

6.  (10 points) Draw the stack diagram for the function below after
    ret2libc attack is executed properly. Use the diagram to explain how
    you control the argument in a ret2libc attack.

        void vuln(int i, char * s){

          char buf[20];
          strcpy(buf,s);

          while(i-- > 0)
            printf("%d: %s\n",i,buf);

          return;
        }

7.  (5 points) Suppose you’re exploiting the function below. You know
    that the value of `s` is 0xbfff625. Provide an exploit string for a
    re2libc attack that will launch a shell.

        void vuln(char * s){

          char buf[20];
          strcpy(buf,s);

          while(i-- > 0)
            printf("%d: %s\n",i,buf);

          return;
        }

8.  (5 point) If the function bad() is at address 0x0804847d and the
    address of good() is at address 0x0804852a, what order of functions
    results from the exploit string:

        ./prog `python -c "print 'A'*(0x6c+4) + '\x7d\x84\x04\x08' + '\x2a\x85\x04\x08' + '\x2a\x85\x04\x08' + '\x7d\x84\x04\x08'"`

9.  (5 point) Consider that the function bad() is defined as following:

        void bad(int a){printf("%#08x\n",a);}     

    and good() is defined as following

        void good(){printf("Go Navy!\n");}     

    What is the output given the exploit string if good() and bad() is
    at the same location as before?

        ./prog `python -c "print 'A'*(0x6c+4) + '\x7d\x84\x04\x08' + '\x2a\x85\x04\x08' + '\xbe\xba\xfe\xca' + '\xef\xbe\xad\xde'"`

10. (5 point) Consider that the function bad() is defined as following:

        void bad(int a, int b){printf("%#08x %#08x\n",a,b);}      

    And good() is defined the same as before, what will the output of
    the program be?

        ./prog `python -c "print 'A'*(0x6c+4) + '\x7d\x84\x04\x08' + '\x2a\x85\x04\x08' + '\xbe\xba\xfe\xca' + '\xef\xbe\xad\xde'"`      

11. (5 points) Given the definition of `bad(int a, int b)` and `good()`
    from above, why can we not create a exploit string where we call
    `bad(0xcafebabe,0xdeadbeef)` then `good()` and then `bad()` again
    such that this time `bad(0xbadf00d,0xfeed3e3e)` is called?

12. (5 points) If we were to write an exploit string to do the sequence
    of function calls as desired above (ie, `bad(0xcafebabe)`,
    `good(0xdeadbeef)`, then `bad(0xbadf00d,0xfeed3e3e)`): What gadget
    would we need?

13. (5 points) Assuming the gadget was at memory address
    `0x080485a9`,complete the exploit string to do the desired sequence
    of function calls.


